# Message360

This API SDK was automatically generated by APIMATIC v2.0 ([https://apimatic.io](https://apimatic.io)).

> Note: Only works with Cocoapods version 0.38.2 or later. Due to recent breaking changes, you must upgrade to the latest pod version. Read more at [CocoPods Changelog](https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

## Configuration

The code reads configuration values from the `App-Info.plist` file.
The `App-Info.plist` dictionary must contain the following configuration entries.

	BasicAuthUserName		The username to use with basic authentication
	BasicAuthPassword		The password to use with basic authentication

## Build and Use via CocoaPods

CocoaPods is a popular dependency manager for Swift and Objective-C Cocoa projects. 
The following instructions help you integrate with an existing CocoaPods project.

1. Create a folder named `Message360` in `/path/to/your/project/Vendor/`.
2. Extract the contents of the SDK in to the folder named `Message360`.
3. Add the following line to your PodFile:

    ```bash
    pod 'Message360', :path => 'Vendor/Message360'
    ```

4. Execute `pod install` from terminal to install the dependency in to your project.

> Note: Use `pod setup` to update your CocoaPods repo if yoou have not done that for a while.

For more information, please refer to the [CocoaPods website](http://CocoaPods.org) on how to use CocoaPods to manage dependency for the project. 

## Build Via Static Framework

The generated code uses two Cocoa Pods namely, JSONModel and UniRest.
Reference to these two is already set in the PodFile, all you need to do is
the following.

1. Open terminal and goto the unarchived directory.
2. Run command `pod install` without the quotes. 
3. A new file named `Message360.xcworkspace` will be created as a result.
4. Open the `Message360.xcworkspace` in XCode 5.0.
5. Change the build target: Product -> Schema and select "Framework"
6. Invoke build command. By default the generated framework is copied to your desktop.

## Using the Static Framework

The build process generates a static library, which can be used just like an
ordinary static library. See the [following link](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/technotes/iOSStaticLibraries/Introduction.html) for more information on this
topic.

> Note: You may need to add the `-all_load` flag (under Build Settings > Linking > Other Linker Flags) in your app project that uses this framework.
